In the last lecture we trade our shopping lists service let's now make sure that we actually add this
created item.
When you submit the form to the service now you have all the knowledge you need to do this on your own.
So an average challenge for you go to your shopping list page component here and make sure that in on
an item you some will get access to your shopping list service and that you add an item to this array
of ingredients stored in the service.
You will kind of need to inject this service for debt and all think about on which level you're going
to provide to service.
Now's the time to pause the video.
Let's do this together in a couple of seconds.
So were you successful.
Let's start by providing the service we do it is in the app module here in the provider's array.
You could provide it on component level but we're actually going to access the shopping list service
from another place in the app too.
So I will provide it on an application level to make sure that the same instance of this service is
used for the whole app because of course it's important that these array of ingredients stored in the
service only exists once.
So here I will simply inject or not inject provide a shopping list service and therefore also add the
import here at the top pointing to the shopping lists service file in the services folder.
And with this added to a module I can now go to the shopping list typescript file here on an item and
you don't want to access to service so I will need to inject that.
Why the constructor a pointer to a property named s.l service.
Of course you choose any other name and I'll name it shopping list to them and I'll use the type shopping
list service which of course also needs to be imported from the shopping list file and the services
folder.
Now with this I make the service available in this component and an on an item.
I can therefore then call a shopping list service add item.
We add this method on the last lecture.
And here I simply want to use the form I get submitted a year access the value of this form and I know
that the name of this Ingredion will be stored in a controlled named ingredient name right.
So I will use this name.
This property will exist on this value object.
And the same is true for the amount.
These are the two controls I registered as I'm passing the values from my form to the service and then
the service I will trade a new ingredient and added to the array of ingredients.
Well and with this I then want to reset the form so I can call form reset like this to empty the input
fields and reset the validation state of the form.
Does this now all I need to do to create a new item on the form.
We will be able to do this.
However we won't be able to see this.
Let's at least add a console lock to the shopping list here in the add item Smethurst indeed item effort
excuse me where I console LARC this ingredient so that we can see if it worked.
And with that if we save it let's go back to our running application and let's add a new item.
For example brat 10 items at.
And you see indeed a new ingredient was added.
Let's add another one to check if this also works.
Now we get two ingredients.
So our array is get getting populated correctly.
That looks great.
The next step is to actually display those items below the input here.
So on the shopping list page here we'll start working on this in the next lecture.